123 Sunshine Drive, Vancouver, WA 98662 ● (360)555-0000  j.dawson@gmail.com 

Jack Dawson 

 
PROFILE 

 

  Proven Track record of analyzing requirements and building software to meet these needs.   
  Sun workstations, UNIX, Cadence design tools (Analog Artist and Virtuoso). 
  Design of multi-market logic families of integrated circuit devices on CMOS and BICMOS processes. 
  Capable in use of PC and UNIX tools for project documentation. 
  Bilingual in English and Mandarin. 
  Three years of experience working effectively in teams in an academic and work setting. 

 
Programming languages and proficiencies include:   

 

Languages: C/C + +, Java, Python, MySQL, SQLite,  
Operating Systems: Windows, Ubuntu Linux, MAC OS 
Applications: LaTeX, GIT, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Visio 
 

EDUCATION 

 

Bachelor of Science, Computer Science  
Washington State University Vancouver  
 
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE   
 
C and Assembly Language Term Project   
Washington State University Vancouver 

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 
       

 Expected: May 2016 

 
             GPA: 3.33 

                                            Fall 2014 

  Add one or two bullets about the specifics of the project and the skills you used. 

 
Software Engineering Intern 
Hewlett-Packard Corporation   

 
 

 
 

 
 

                                           May 2013 - August 2014 
                                             Vancouver, Washington 

  Team member of the Open Enterprise Solutions Group. 
  Tested enhancements to A+ software for distributed systems management. 
  Served as departmental Linux Systems Administrator. 
  Developed prototype of new product enhancement for A+ which serves as an extension of the off-site 

system management modeling tool.  Programs were written in Java and C++. 

 
Computer Science Summer Institute Program Participant  
Intel  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 Summer 2012   
      Hillsboro, Oregon  

  Training in Python, UNIX, JavaScript, App Engine, HTML, CSS.  
  Developed and launched web application in team of three, presented to Google engineers and peers. 

 
Technical Assistant II 
Bonneville Power Administration                   

 
 
  Work towards developing an algorithm to detect power line faults.  
  Collaborate with students and professors to interpret large data sets. 
  Work, coordinate, and plan with an external team of electrical engineers at Oregon Institute of 

      

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

      September 2013 – Present 
         Vancouver, Washington  

Technology. 
 

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 

Customer Service Representative 
Target   

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

          
 
             

 
 

 
 

      September 2013 – Present 
         Vancouver, Washington 

