77 Massachusetts Avenue 
Cambridge, MA 02139 

Joe Resume

Phone: 617-253-XXXX
Email: XXX@mit.edu

EDUCATION
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, MA
Masters of Science in Computer Science and Mechanical Engineering 

GPA: 5.0/5.0 

2013 (expected)

Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Madras, India
Bachelor of Technology, Mechanical Engineering  
    •     Class Rank 1. (Summa cum Laude) – secured a gold medal and three silver medals for overall excellence. 
    •     Published paper on manufacturing process control-Intl. Journal of Manufacturing Technology and Management 
    •     Standardized Test Score: GRE – Verbal: 720/800, Quantitative: 800/800.

GPA: 9.5/10.0 

2010 

RELEVANT SKILLS
Software 

Courses 

Projects 

 Excel spreadsheets including Sensitivity Analysis, Monte Carlo simulation, and modeling uncertainties; C, C++, 
Matlab, Saphire (probabilistic analysis tool) MS Word and MS PowerPoint.
 Coursework covering fundamentals of finance, economics, statistics, risk-benefit and decision analysis, Options in 
engineering, and engineering math.
 Simulated stock prices using Hidden-Markov-Models (Course - Statistics); researched system design optimization 
techniques as part of a course portfolio (Course - Engineering Options). 

EXPERIENCE 
Osio Corporation, Boston, MA
Business Intern 
    •    Developed Excel spreadsheet model for valuation of the start-up’s revenue prospects over the next ten years.
    •    Collaborated with management team in researching and identifying market segments for the new product. 
    •    Currently working on evaluating strategies to be adopted for market deployment and future expansion. 

2011 – Present

X Corporation, City, State
Part-time Consultant 
    •    Optimized and redesigned the system to reduce manufacturing costs by 40% and system size by 20%.
    •     Appraised final results of analysis to senior management at the client site and at MIT. Conducted weekly client update 

2011

sessions

Center for Product Design, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, India
Intern for Program in Teaching Innovation  
    •    Deliberated with professors and fellow students on issues concerning barriers to student learning.
    •    Identified and specified strategies aimed at teaching innovations and translated them into actionable objectives. 
    •    Implemented a key objective by developing a flexible teaching tool for an advanced graduate course.

Bharat Electronics Limited, Bangalore, India 
Technical Analyst 
    •    Analyzed a structural component and identified its critical design parameters.
    •    Redesigned and optimized the component.

2010

2009

LEADERSHIP
    •     Chief Course Coordinator, MIT – Formulated the syllabus and developed the course content for an undergraduate design 

engineering course. Organized lectures and led undergraduate assistants in conducting lab tutorials for 200 undergraduate 
students.. 

    •     Innovative Teaching, MIT: Formulated new teaching approaches as part of an HP sponsored focus-group trial. 
    •     Community Service Officer, MIT – Planned and organized community events for fostering greater interactions amongst 

graduate students. Received Outstanding Officer Award for organizational excellence.

    •     Circulation Manager and News Reporter, Graduate Student News Magazine, MIT: Managed monthly distribution of 

5000 copies of magazine on MIT campus. Popularized Cryptic Crosswords at MIT. 
    •    Mentor, IIT Madras – Mentored 15 freshmen during the senior year at IIT Madras.

INTERESTS AND ACTIVITIES
Story-Telling  ✥  Cryptic-Crosswords  ✥  Teaching Innovations  ✥  News Reporting  ✥  Tennis  ✥  Piano 

HONORS AND ACHIEVEMENTS
Government  of  India  Fellowship  (2006-2010)  ✥  Certificates  of  distinction  for  National  Math,  Physics  and  Chemistry 
Olympiads  ✥  Summa Cum Laude in high school  ✥  Ranked in top 0.3% for IITs

34 

MIT Global Education & Career Development

