Sample Resume

Andy Smith
200 Main Street 
Montgomery, AL 36102 
Cell: 222.333.4444 
Email: ASmith@yahoo.com

QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY 
Seasoned welder with over five years of mig, stick, and flux core welding. Responsible, timely and  
accurate professional. Possess core welding and machine operation knowledge coupled with proven 
problem-solving and decision-making skills and a team attitude. 

EXPERIENCE
ABC Manufacturing, Any town, Alabama  •  June 2009 – Present
Manufacturer of industrial plumbing and water drainage pipes.

Welder
Welded on over 100 different types of pipes, clamps and gauges.
•  Weld using mig, stick and flux core welding. 
•  Repair bits with small holes and/or cracks by tig welding.
•  Check bits diameters using ring gauges.
•  Set up and operate welding machines to weld metal parts according to work specifications,  

blueprint layouts and verbal instructions.

•  Certified in mig, stick, and flux core.

XYZ Corporation, Anytown, OH   •  May 2005 – June 2009
The Midwest’s leader in custom-built equipment from frame to finish.

Welder
Responsible for various types of weld preparation, welding and weld finishing operations.
•  Interpret mechanical drawings, including weld requirement symbols.
•  Follow process inspection, certification and documentation requirements. 
•  Use conventional and precision measuring instruments.
•  Received 2008 Perfect Attendance Award.

EDUCATION
Top Notch Technical Institute, May 2005
Welding Technologies: Classes consisted of typical and non-typical welding, safety, and metallurgy.

Small Town High School, Small Town, OH
High School Diploma, June 2003

About Manpower ®
As the world leader in temporary and permanent staffing solutions, Manpower connects the potential of people to 
the ambitions of business. For over 60 years, we’ve helped job seekers everywhere find opportunities that fit their 
skills, interests and goals, delivering better results for our client companies. Manpower is part of ManpowerGroup,™ 
the world leader in innovative workforce solutions. Learn more at manpower.com. 

